Provide System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData package readme (#93660)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData/src/PACKAGE.md

* Scope of protection can be defined either to the current user or the local machine.

## How to Use

<!-- A compelling example on how to use this package with code, as well as any specific guidelines for when to use the package -->

Utilizing this package is quite simple, and it mainly revolves around two methods: `Protect` and `Unprotect`.

Here, `originalData` is the data you want to protect, `optionalEntropy` is an additional byte array used to increase encryption complexity, and `DataProtectionScope` specifies whether the data protection should apply to the current user or the machine.

To protect:

```csharp
using System.Security.Cryptography;

byte[] originalData = new byte[] { ... };
byte[] optionalEntropy = new byte[] { ... };

// To Encrypt data
byte[] encryptedData = ProtectedData.Protect(
    originalData,
    optionalEntropy,
    DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser);
```

To unprotect:

```csharp
using System.Security.Cryptography;

byte[] encryptedData = new byte[] { ... };
byte[] optionalEntropy = new byte[] { ... };

// To Decrypt data
byte[] originalData = ProtectedData.Unprotect(
    encryptedData,
    optionalEntropy,
    DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser);

> ```

Reviewer: Make sample functional.
```csharp
using System.Security.Cryptography;

byte[] originalData = Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes("This is a secret");
byte[] optionalEntropy = new byte[64];
Random.Shared.NextBytes(optionalEntropy);

// To protect:
byte[] encryptedData = ProtectedData.Protect(
    originalData,
    optionalEntropy,
    DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser);

// To unprotect:
byte[] decryptedData = ProtectedData.Unprotect(
    encryptedData,
    optionalEntropy,
    DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser);
```

<!-- A description of the package and where one can find more documentation -->

System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData offers a simplified interface for utilizing Microsoft Windows DPAPI's [CryptProtectData](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/win32/api/dpapi/nf-dpapi-cryptprotectdata) and [CryptUnprotectData](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/win32/api/dpapi/nf-dpapi-cryptunprotectdata) functions.

> This library is primarily aimed at ensuring the security of critical data, like user credentials or sensitive information, either while storing or transmitting.

Reviewer 2: I'd delete this paragraph entirely.

The plain truth is that it's primarily aimed at people already using it.  It's reasonable for storing sensitive data locally, not generally suitable for transmission (except for a domain user sending it to themselves on another computer; or for "give this back to me"), but since it's not cross-plat it's not something that we really push... so... it's there for people who were using ProtectedData in .NET Framework.

Reviewer 3: Should we give explicit guidance like that? Sounds almost like "don't introduce new use, consider XYZ instead"

Author: Removing this statement doesn't hurt the documentation, so I'm fine with it.

There is already a note about the better cross-plat support in `System.Security.Cryptography`.

> **Note**: Since it relies on Windows DPAPI, this package is only suited for applications running on Windows platforms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note**: Since it relies on Windows DPAPI, this package is only supported on Windows platforms.
```

To protect:

```csharp
using System.Security.Cryptography;

byte[] originalData = new byte[] { ... };
byte[] optionalEntropy = new byte[] { ... };

// To Encrypt data
byte[] encryptedData = ProtectedData.Protect(
    originalData,
    optionalEntropy,
    DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser);
```

To unprotect:

```csharp
using System.Security.Cryptography;

byte[] encryptedData = new byte[] { ... };
byte[] optionalEntropy = new byte[] { ... };

// To Decrypt data
byte[] originalData = ProtectedData.Unprotect(
    encryptedData,
    optionalEntropy,
    DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser);
```

## Main Types

<!-- The main types provided in this library -->

The main type provided by this library is:

* `System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData`

## Additional Documentation

<!-- Links to further documentation. Remove conceptual documentation if not available for the library. -->

* [Conceptual documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/security/how-to-use-data-protection)
* [API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.security.cryptography.protecteddata)

> * [CNG DPAPI](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/win32/seccng/cng-dpapi)

Reviewer 4: I don't know that the CNG documentation is helpful for the package here - the library doesn't use CNG DPAPI (i.e. `NCryptProtectSecret`).

## Related Packages

<!-- The related packages associated with this package -->

For more complex cryptographic operations or cross-platform support, consider using:

> * [System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms/)

Reviewer 4: S.S.C.Algorithms was folded in to S.S.Cryptograhy. The package hasn't been updated in nearly 5 years. I don't think we should reference this package.

If we want to link to something then perhaps just the System.Security.Cryptography namespace: https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.security.cryptography
